Fully remove mention of admin party everywhere (#488)
apache/couchdb-documentation: src/intro/security.rst

.. _Bruce Schneier: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce_Schneier

When CouchDB starts up, it reads a set of ``.ini`` files with config settings. It
loads these settings into an internal data store (not a database). The config
API lets you read the current configuration as well as change it and create new

> entries. CouchDB is writing any changes back to the ``.ini`` files.

Reviewer: Perhaps this is more clear?

```suggestion
entries. CouchDB writes any changes back to the ``.ini`` files.
```

The ``.ini`` files can also be edited by hand when CouchDB is not running.
Instead of creating the admin user as we showed previously, you could have
stopped CouchDB, opened your ``local.ini``, added ``anna = secret`` to the
:config:section:`admins`, and restarted CouchDB. Upon reading the new line from
``local.ini``, CouchDB would run the hashing algorithm and write back the hash

> to ``local.ini``, replacing the plain-text password - just as it did for our

Reviewer: I think an emdash is more appropriate here. Not sure if we actually use emdashes elsewhere, though (and come to think of it, I'm not even sure how to create one in a `.rst` file), so maybe just a double dash?

```suggestion
to ``local.ini``, replacing the plain-text password--just as it did for our
```

Author: > Since the easiest way to include special characters like em dashes or copyright signs in reST is to directly write them as Unicode characters

from https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#source-encoding

so I'll do that!
